[MUSIC]
>> Scott: So the first thing we
wanna do is assess some state, so
a constructor.
>> Scott: Remember,
we need to call super here,
otherwise, it'll freak out.
And I will say this.state = todos: and
newTodo:, there we go.
So we got to stay here, and
what we'll do now is we'll just give
you that text will make a view.
And inside that view,
we will have a TextInput.
And I will set up a few things here.
I want todos on multiple lines.
The first is gonna be the value, and
that's gonna be this.state.newTodo.
And then, onChange text which is gonna
pass in the text when it changes,
let me say this.handleChange.bind(this).
So we got that and
then we need to go ahead and set up
a button, so we'll say touchableOpacity.
And we'll pass in some text here and
we'll say, create,
and for the event here is just onPress.
I will say this.handlePress.bind(this).
So we got that set up, and
then the next thing we do is set up
the elements to render on the page.
So then we'll make a new View here and
we'll just,
well to be cheap and
do some text for the elements.
So we'll say this.state.todos.map
over them get the todo.
Let's look at the index too.
>> Scott: And
what we'll do is we'll just return a Text
with the key = so it doesn't freak out.
And then we'll just put
the todo in there like
that.
>> Scott: So,
we break this on another line.
>> Scott: There we go.
So, that's what I'm doing.
>> Scott: Cool, so we got that.
No, is not,
so this is the error you were getting?
>> Speaker 2: Yeah.
>> Scott: So this.state.newTodo
JS 21 are in this state
need to do.
>> Scott: We'll
come back to see what happens.
Just let me, okay.
As somebody tap before, so
I can actually continue to build.
>> Scott: We'll get to the Text input,
all right.
So, we've got all this stuff set up,
now let's go ahead and start setting up.
Let's see here, let's do the button.
So onPress, handle,
actually we do need to set the stage.
So what we'll do is,
we'll say on text change, handleChange.
HandleChange is going to get
the text from the button here.
And then what we wanna do is
you want to set the State.
So this.setState
it's gonna be the text here.
So we've got that.
Constructor, there we go.
Now, see why this was freaking out.
>> Scott: Now, it's not freaking out let's
just reloaded it and make sure,
>> Scott: Undefined is not an object
handlePress.bind.
>> Scott: And
wait, did I call it something else?
I know, yeah.
>> Speaker 3: You haven't
created that yet.
>> Scott: Yeah,
I haven't created that yet,
it's freaking out.
Let's do that then, to satisfy it.
>> Scott: There we go.
Let's reload.
>> Scott: Okay,
looks like it's not freaking out anymore.
Let's just reload it again.
>> Scott: There we go.
So there's our input, and
then there's our button.
>> Scott: If yours doesn't look like this,
it's because I just changed.
I got rid of like the styles under
the different component now,
so it probably looks different,
but it should work the same.
So input button,
now what we want to do is on change.
We got the value,
we know this is still working because
when we type the values is being updated.
Again if I got rid of the on
change this wouldn't update.
So that's there, and
then on create what we wanna do is.
I'm sorry on handlePress all you wanna
do is just set this newTodo state into
the todo arrays.
So, we'll do the same
thing we did on the web.
We'll get the CONST TODOS =
[...this.state.todos] and
then the newTodo,
which is this.state.newTodo.
And then we'll clear it, this.setState.
We'll clear it, and then we'll update
the todo at the same time, so.
Update the todos and then newTodo.
It's just that.
>> Scott: All right, so we'll save that.
Nothing broke.
The reason I don't have to refresh
is I have on hot reloading.
We're gonna talk about
that after this solution.
So, all that's good to go and
then now, if I type some stuff in here
we should see this update with some todos.
Let's see.
>> Scott: Clean, there we go.
So there is that one, it's sleep.
>> Scott: Any questions on this stuff so
far?
>> Scott: I
think the only difference here,
the only one difference, obviously,
besides the components that we used
not be in divs and buttons is that,
instead of onChange we use onChangeText.
That is only difference.
Everything else is exactly the same
from the web.
>> Scott: So, this will be a diff.
This will be an input.
This will be a button.
This will be our URL.
But, everything else is
the same except for this.
>> Scott: Any questions?
So looks like someone had an error online,
application todo is not registered.
That's because if you were following me,
you need to change
the main component here.
Cuz we have a component
called Todo already and
I changed this one to the main.
So you also need to change that in the
registry down below to that component main
for both files.
>> Scott: Cool.
>> Speaker 4: [INAUDIBLE]
>> Scott: Yes.
>> Speaker 4: Can we ask why it's not
outputting the issue?
I'm sure if that's it.
>> Scott: It's not outputting the issue,
I'm not sure, what issue?
But, if it's the issue that I just
talked about it definitely says it's not
registered, it will say
it like it will break.
And I think it will even
spit it out of the console.
So I'm not sure what issue,
but if it's that issue you should see it.
>> Scott: Yeah,
I'll push the solution, for sure.
I'll push it after this lecture.
Cool, okay.
Any questions on the solution?
>> Scott: Cuz now we about to get into,
I wasn't installing but I think it's
appropriate to do dev tools first, and
then we're get to installing after lunch